Note: This question is part of a series of questions that present the same scenario. Each question in the series contains a unique solution that might meet the stated goals. Some question sets might have more than one correct solution, while others might not have a correct solution.<br/>After you answer a question in this section, you will NOT be able to return to it. As a result, these questions will not appear in the review screen.<br/>You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.<br/>You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 is used to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1.<br/>You need to ensure that an email alert is generated whenever VMSS1 scales in or out.<br/>Solution: From Azure DevOps, configure the Notifications settings for Project1.<br/>Does this meet the goal?<br/><ul><li class="multi-choice-item"><span class="multi-choice-letter" data-choice-letter="A">A.</span>Yes</li><li class="multi-choice-item correct-hidden"><span class="multi-choice-letter" data-choice-letter="B">B.</span>No</li></ul><p><a href="https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/microsoft/view/76884-exam-az-400-topic-3-question-27-discussion/">https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/microsoft/view/76884-exam-az-400-topic-3-question-27-discussion/</a></p><script src="https://giscus.app/client.js"                    data-repo="azsamples/az204"                    data-repo-id="R_kgDOMRXzDQ"                    data-category="General"                    data-category-id="DIC_kwDOMRXzDc4Cgi27"                    data-mapping="pathname"                    data-strict="0"                    data-reactions-enabled="0"                    data-emit-metadata="0"                    data-input-position="bottom"                    data-theme="preferred_color_scheme"                    data-lang="en"                    crossorigin="anonymous"                    async>                    </script>